the locals of the coastal city of panani
were
really surprised when they saw a narrow
strip of sand
that had surfaced from the water along
the beach and literally split the sea
into two
this sand strip is now attracting a lot
of visitors who
despite the danger want to walk at 600
feet length
before the strip gets washed away by
high tide
this natural phenomenon still remains
unexplained
but some believe that sand swept away
from a nearby river form the stretch
but the state of kerala is also famous
for another mystery
kodini a remote village in kerala's
malapuram district
continues to puzzle scientists because
of how many twins are born there
it was estimated that there are more
than 450 pairs of twins in a village
where only two thousand families live
while the national average of twin
births
is no more than nine in one thousand the
number is as high as 45 in 1000 in
codini
in 2016 a team of researchers from
different institutions
came to the village to explain this
bizarre phenomenon
they collected saliva and hair samples
from the twins to study their dna
but didn't find any conclusive answers
according to some harry potter fans
there could be several sets of
red-haired twins named weasley
but i wouldn't count on it speaking of
mysterious villages
this real life in literally sleepy
hollow is the remote town of kalachi in
kazakhstan
in 2013 locals couldn't stop falling
asleep while they were doing everyday
activities
i mean i also doze off when i'm riding
the bus or
just having a peaceful picnic in the
park but these people would have bouts
of slumber that could last for more than
a few days in a row
and hit them right as they were walking
more and more residents fell
prey to this weird sleepy sickness over
the course of time
the people's health the town's air
quality and the food and water locals
were consuming
were all analyzed in a massive
investigation
still nothing was out of the ordinary on
those fronts
finally two years later in 2015 the big
mystery was solved
the authority stated that high
concentrations of carbon monoxide and
hydrocarbons
coming from old uranium mines nearby had
caused
oxygen levels in the town to drop the
city started a relocation program
and i'm just glad they figured it out
and got people to safety
in the mid-1980s a scuba diver
discovered the yanagumi monument
off the coast of japan scientists are
positive this collection of structures
is thousands of years old
but they still can't decide if it's
natural or man-made
in case it proves to be an ancient city
the new mystery is
what lost civilization built it and how
did it make it to the bottom of the sea
the grenada underwater sculpture park
opened in 2006
is more than just one weird statue it's
like a whole city with real size human
sculptures
26 kids holding hands in a circle and
the lost correspondent are the most
famous
all this is supposed to help protect the
reefs but the meaning of each statue
is an open discussion the georgia
guidestones is a collection of giant
stones in a star pattern
it gives direction for the
post-apocalypse in eight languages
including hindi chinese and swahili it
also has an astronomical calendar
finished in 1980
and built to last centuries no one knows
who or
why it was built a monument to the alien
alyosha
is the number one tourist attraction in
russia's molopka's anomalous zone
in 1983 a geologist saw a luminous
object over the forest and then found
some perfectly round spots in the snow
the alien sculpture is the height of an
average adult man
and was placed there in 2011. the famous
stone heads of easter island have been
around for hundreds of years
no one knows exactly why they were built
some scientists think the local people
believed the statues would make the soil
more fertile
soil analysis proved the heads did their
job well
it's the best agricultural spot on the
island
back in 1812 for an unknown reason
an english farmer paid a local painter
to remove tons of soil on a hillside
and fill the contours with chalk the
painter ran away with the money
so the farmer had to pay a second time
to get the alton barnes white horse
finished around 11 000 years ago
in present-day turkey with no cities or
metal tools whatsoever
some incredibly skilled craftsmen
completed goldbecky tepa
how they managed to chip and lift
limestone blocks three times as heavy as
a t-rex
and what they symbolize is still unknown
carhenge is the weirdest landmark of
nebraska
its author studied the real stonehenge
and created his own version out of old
cars as a tribute to his father
some cars stand like monoliths others
are connected into arches
when asked why he did all this the
creator of the construction said
why not another stonehenge lookalike was
found on the bottom of lake michigan
in 2007. there's a group of rocks in a
circle
and carvings of a mastodon this beast
ceased existing over ten thousand years
ago so the carving has to be older than
that
its location is kept secret from the
public good luck finding it
namibian deserts are full of elephants
snakes
antelope and hundreds of evenly placed
circles
wait what this brutally hot desert
is home to a vast array of wildlife but
even
more interesting are the fields of grass
with evenly spaced holes in them
these circles are almost perfect and
range anywhere from 10 to 65 feet in
diameter
many scientists have offered up theories
as to why these circles appear
instead of other more random shapes in
environmental scientist norbert jurgens
hypothesized that termites were the
cause of these circles
but like all the hypotheses that came
before his
it was later disproved while this looks
straight out of a scene from
m night shyamalan's hit horror flick
signs
it's definitely real but no one can
figure out why
lightning storms are pretty cool aren't
they they light up the sky
and you can't help but feel a special
exciting energy in the air
but these lightning storms usually end
and you go about living your life
but in western venezuela over the mouth
of the katatumbo river
there's a lightning storm that seems to
be running on energizer batteries
it just keeps going and going once the
clock strikes 7 pm
the lightning storm begins and doesn't
relent for another 10
long hours this happens most nights
during the year
to add to the strangeness of these
ongoing storms
one night in 2010 saw the storm suddenly
stop
in the middle of the night and not
return for six weeks
there have been multiple theories
attempting to explain this odd
phenomenon
most recently scientists are guessing
that the surrounding mountains that
contain
warmer winds from the caribbean sea are
to blame
the wind patterns comprised of warm and
cool air dropping down from the andes
mountains
are forced upward and manifest into
storm clouds
it's quite literally the perfect storm
in 2018
eastern europe witnessed an event as
beautiful as it was spooky
those who went skiing in bulgaria
romania russia or
ukraine in late march glided down
tangerine
slopes under the red tinted sky puzzled
and excited
people describe this experience as
walking on mars
or skiing down sand dunes but however
mysterious this phenomenon seems it has
a disappointingly simple explanation
the sponsor of the extraterrestrial
landscape was a powerful sandstorm that
had arrived from the sahara desert
this storm had brought along dust sand
and pollen particles
that colored the snow orange
interestingly
it's not a one-time natural phenomenon
meteorologists say that orange snow
covers the lands of eastern europe at
least once every five years
for example in 2007 three regions of
southern siberia and russia
got covered with oily bright orange snow
i think the customary rule applies here
too you should not eat yellow snow
or orange or any color for that matter
just saying
one of the most common causes of
wildfires is lightning from
thunderstorms
but have you ever heard of a wildfire
that triggered a thunderstorm
well now you know it happened on may 11
2018 not far from amarillo texas
then the super powerful mallard fire not
only created a massive dense cloud high
in the air
its heat also caused a violent
thunderstorm
that later dumped tons of quarter-sized
hailstones
60 miles away in wheeler county texas
in early may 2018 new england observed
one of the scariest
and most dangerous phenomena ever a
super long
track tornado the frightening natural
phenomenon
started not far from charleston new
hampshire and traveled toward the town
of webster in merrimack county
it took the tornado 33 minutes to cover
36 miles
and become the third on the list of the
longest track tornadoes in new england
during the first week of january 2018
unusually cold weather in the northeast
united states
froze the atlantic ocean in north
falmouth massachusetts
what's more the ocean was frozen so
thoroughly
that people were walking on the waves
now that's obviously something you don't
see every day
on february 20th and 21st 2018
people in the northeastern part of the
u.s experienced one of the most
extraordinary weather events of recent
times
and it was a heat wave yep in february
in fact it was the most impressive
winter heat wave since official weather
records started in the 1800s
for example in freiburg maine people
were taking off their coats
after the temperature had risen to a
baffling 70 degrees fahrenheit
in fitchburg massachusetts confused
people put on
sandals when they saw the temperature
outside 80 degrees
the same was happening in harrisburg
pennsylvania where the temperature
reached 83 degrees and in wells maine
where thermometers showed 77 degrees
in 2010 fossilized fish was uncovered
250 miles
west of the nile river where the sahara
desert was as arid as ever
this chance finding led scientists to
believe there could have been sea where
the sahara is now
so they conducted a geological survey of
the area
and it yielded unexpected results they
found evidence of something huge under
the sands
and it wasn't part of any sea at all for
several months
the research continued with gps
equipment on land
and later when all the ground data was
collected scientists took a look at the
area from a satellite
the view was astounding it turned out
there was an enormous basin
underneath the desert with another
smaller one nearby
all the shores of these basins ancient
human settlements had been found
previously
and now the researchers finally had the
answer as to why
exactly they had chosen those spots to
live there had been a lake of impressive
proportions
over 42 000 square miles of fresh water
in total
about half the size of lake michigan
further investigation showed that the
lake had formed
as a result of the flooding caused by
the nile some 250
000 years ago water gushed into the
depression in the land
and didn't stop until it was completely
filled
the reason for such an event might have
been rain at the time the climate in
africa was much more to the tropical
side
and massive rainfall was pretty common
the giant lake made the area flourish
and both animals and ancient humans used
to live and prosper along its shores
of course you gotta start with the most
infamous among the twelve
also known as the devil's triangle the
bermuda vortex
has been up to no good for centuries i'm
sure you've heard of the 19th century
incidents with the ships rosalie and
ellen
austin the first was found totally empty
yet undamaged the latter found a
derelict ship
sent her crew over to check it out and
those crew members ended up disappearing
the list of lost vessels and aircraft is
long and still growing
so what's going on in this body of water
connecting miami san juan and the island
of bermuda
besides the paranormal theories of
wormholes to another dimension
and gates to the underworld this spot is
really foggy
due to methane gas that sometimes makes
it impossible for travelers to see
thus making navigation a little tricky
too
although not leaving a trace is still an
unanswered question about these losses
these megaliths were a burial ground
made by the zing
empire one of the most ancient
civilizations on this planet
the megaliths are an architectural
anomaly
showing just how advanced these people
were for a time
when we didn't have technology to help
us build stable constructions
well you know with ancient burial
grounds things start getting iffy
to this day whoever flies over this part
of the sahara desert
often doesn't return also compasses spin
like crazy
and electronics start wigging out in
this spot witnesses have reported that
it's covered by a heavy and dark aura
that you can instantly feel once you
enter it
this architectural site in pakistan goes
way back to the indus valley
civilization
in 2500 bce like in algeria
this society was for some reason
surprisingly advanced when it came to
building and urban planning
the strange thing is that nobody knows
what brought an
end to the people living in this town
remains were found
and it looked almost as if everyone had
perished at once
theories are that it could have been
some natural disaster
an armed invasion from a neighboring
empire or even angry violent deities
unfortunately we don't really know for
sure
heading further east along the same
northern line we arrive in japan
where the dragon's triangle also called
the devil's sea
is located the most astonishing thing
about this
vile vortex is that there's an
underwater city
dubbed japan's atlantis and again we see
this anomaly of ancient civilizations
creating incredibly precise architecture
deep under the sea you'll find tons of
stone monoliths
cut with perfect 90 degree angles but
don't put your diving suit on just yet
due to the fact that all kinds of planes
and chips have vanished in the bermuda
triangle of the pacific
japanese authorities have deemed it too
dangerous to go
anywhere near if you happen to be in
burma
these days it's also called myanmar make
sure to visit this well-known site
a gold leaf covered boulder sits upon
the edge of a cliff
and a small pagoda is built on top of it
the impressive thing about the rock is
that it only lightly touches the cliff
for support
in fact it looks like the boulder will
fall any minute now
but it has been standing like that for
centuries
on top of that the pagoda built upon it
is not really a recent addition
so it's quite an unusual sight to see
the rock
seems to be saying gravity i don't care
about that stuff
the legend has it that what keeps the
boulder in place
is a single strand of buddha's hair well
i don't know about that
but you can check out the rock for
yourself and see that it's not
attached to the cliff by anything and
yet it's not budged for twenty five
hundred years something must be at work
here huh
if there ever was a thing that said i
defy gravity out loud
it's the stone of davasco the huge 300
ton boulder
stands precariously on the edge of a
cliff and
rocks a little bit from side to side in
the wind
people even checked it by putting glass
bottles under one of its edges
they exploded with another movement of
the rock unfortunately today you can't
see this wonder of nature as it was a
century ago
in 1912 the boulder suddenly dropped
from its perch
which it had occupied for literally
hundreds of years
the people in the nearby town of tandel
were so sad about this event
that 95 years later in 2007
they decided to restore the stone well
not exactly put it together chip by chip
they made a plastic replica of the rock
and put it on the same spot and even in
the same position
so even today coming by tando you can
see its famous
balancing boulder more of a symbol now
of course
because it's no longer rocking and only
weighs nine tons
but instantly recognizable nonetheless
remember this place from the movie close
encounters of the third kind
if not you should go watch it but not
right now
this place doesn't make you feel like
you're witnessing some magic
and doesn't really trick gravity right
before your eyes
sounds almost boring compared with the
rest of the sights on my list right
but the true mind-blowing feature of
devil's tower
is that scientists can explain how it
came to existence in the first place
you see it's an foot rock formation
with walls so steep they're basically
vertical
but that isn't even the main thing this
piece of stone just
rose amid rolling plains of wyoming with
nothing like it for miles and miles
around
so how is it that such a flat landscape
could have suddenly given
birth to something so tall there is a
bound but
nobody has the answer yet my theory well
perhaps here is where the earth has a
giant audi belly button
well then you come up with a better
theory the house of mystery in gold hill
oregon
amazes its visitors with gravity-defying
effects
you can't stand straight there always
leaning to the side and having to hold
on to something for balance
balls roll upwards and there's also a
broom that stands perfectly still
wherever you put it
unlike virtually everything else in this
shack the local native american tribes
called this place
the forbidden ground even before the
house was built there
and they avoided approaching it the
owners of the shack though
decided to turn it into an attraction
and they succeeded
they created an atmosphere of mystery
around the place
and spread the news about it in
newspapers and later on the internet
and voila a perfect anomaly is made
in fact it's no more than a curiosity a
human-made optical illusion that tricks
your eyes in
other senses okay we've talked about
some pretty ambiguous stuff
but now it's time for the real deal the
hudson bay anomaly
this is probably the only place in the
world where gravity is indeed lower than
anywhere else on the planet
even skeptics can't smirk at it because
the difference has been measured with
precision equipment
so does it mean that the gravity here is
as low as say
on the moon then unfortunately or is it
luckily
i'm not sure yet the difference is
minuscule
the exact value is 0.005 percent
or 1 200th of a percent you won't be
able to feel it even if you try your
hardest
but it's still there scientists say this
anomaly exists
because of the ice sheet that covered
the area about 10
000 years ago it compressed the rocks so
much
that they still can't fully recover
shifting the gravitational field in
hudson bay
sometime in the future though the
gravity will return to normal in this
area as well
no moonwalk for me then